Test Plan

Term explanation:
    "digit" buttons are 0-9 and "."
    "binary operation" buttons are "+", "-", x", "/"
    "unary operation" buttons are "+/-", "x^2", "|x|", "2√x", "1/x", "%", "log", "ln", "n!"
    "equal" button is "="
    "memory" button are "MS", "M+", "M-", "MC", "MR"
    "clear" button are "C", "CE", "DEL"

Arithmetic Functions:
    appendNumber(): 
        A. With "0" on display
            test 1: Click any "digit" button but ".", the digit replaces "0" on display
        B. With "." on  display
            test 1: Click "." "digit" button, the display area doesn't change
            test 2: Click any "digit" button but ".", the digit is appended to ".", e.g., ".1"
        C. With any digit other than "0" and "." on display
            test 1: Click any "digit" button, the digit is appended to the number on display
                    e.g., if "12" is on display, click digit button "3", "123" is on display
                        if "1" is on display, click digit button ".", "1." is on display
        D. When "Binary Operation" was clicked
            test 1: Click any "digit" button, the digit is on display
        E. When "equal" button was clicked
            test 1: Click any "digit" button, currExpression area displays the digit and the prevExpression is "0"

        In Scientific Mode:
            F. When "Unary Operation" was clicked
                test 1: you cannot click any digit

    addOperation(): 
        In standard mode:
            A. With no operation on display
                test 1: Click any "binary operation" button, the operation is applied to the curreExpression on display
            B. With one operation on display
                test 1: When there is only one operand on display, the operation replaces the operation on display
                test 2: When there is two operands on display, the computed result and operation are on display 

        In Scientific Mode:
            A. When the last operation was "digit"
                test 1: Click any "binary operation" button, the operation is applied to the curreExpression on display
                test 2: After the "equal" button is clicked, the operation is applied to the curreExpression on display
            B. When the last operation was "binary operation"
                test 1: Click any "binary operation" button, replaces the previous operation with the current one
            C. When the last operation was "unary operation"
                test 1: Click any "binary operation" button, appends the operation to the curreExpression on display
            D. When the last operation was "left parenthesis"
                test 1: Click any "binary operation" button, the "binary operation" button is disabled
            E. When the last operation was "right parenthesis"
                test 1: Click any "binary operation" button, appends the operation to the currExpression on display

    addUnaryOperation():
        In Scientific Mode:
            A. When the last operation was "digit"
                test 1: Click any "unary operation" button, the operation is applied to the last operand 
                test 2: After the "equal" button is clicked, the "unary operation" is applied to the last operand
            B. When the last operation was "binary operation"
                test 1: Click any "unary operation" button, the "unary operation" button is disabled
            C. When the last operation was "unary operation",
                test 1: Click any "unary operation" button, the operation is applied to the last "unary operation"
            D. When the last operation was "left parenthesis"
                test 1: Click any "unary operation" button, the "unary operation" button is disabled
            E. When the last operation was "right parenthesis"
                test 1: Click any "unary operation" button, the operation is applied to the parentheses 

    equal():
        A. When the last operation is "binary operation"
            test 1: Click the "equal" button, the number before the "binary operation" is on display
        B. When the last operation is not "binary operation"
            test 1: Click the "equal" button, the calculation result is on display
        C. When the last operation is "left parenthesis"
            test 1: Click the "equal" button, the "equal" button is disabled

    addLeftParenthesis():
        A. When the last operation is "digit"
            test 1: Click the "(" button, the "*"(multiplication) operation and "(" is appended to the digit
        B. When the last operation is "binary operation"
            test 1: Click the "(" button, the "*" is appended to the "binary operation"
        C. When the last operation is "unary operation"
            test 1: Click the "(" button, the "x"(multiplication) operation and "(" is appended to the digit
        D. When the last operation is "left parenthesis"
            test 1: Click the "(" button, the "*" is appended to the "left parenthesis"
        E. When the last operation is "right parenthesis"
            test 1: Click the "(" button, the "x"(multiplication) operation and "(" is appended to the digit

    addRightParenthesis():
        A. When all the "left parenthesis" are closed
            test 1: Click the ")" button, the ")" button is disabled
        B. When all the "left parenthesis" are not closed
            test 2: Click the "(" button, the ")" is appended to the curreExpression

Memory Functions:

    memoryStore():
        A. When there is no number stored in the memory
            test 1: Click the "MS" button, 
        B. When there is one number stored in the memory

    memoryAdd():
        A. When there is no number stored in the memory
            test 1: Click the "M+" button. Expected result: 0 in the memory.
        B. When there is one number stored in the memory
            Click the "5" button. Click the "MS" button. Click the "C" button. Click the "1" button. Click the "M+" button. Expected result: 5 changes to 6 in the memory.

    memorySubtract():
        A. When there is no number stored in the memory.
            test 1: Click the "M-" button. Expected result: 0 in the memory.
        B. When there is one number stored in the memory
            Click the "5" button. Click the "MS" button. Click the "C" button. Click the "1" button. Click the "M-" button. Expected result: 5 changes to 6 in the memory.

    memoryStore():
        A. When there is no number stored in the memory.
            test 1: Click the "5" button. Click the "MS" button. Expected result: Single number of 5 in the memory.
        B. When there is one number stored in the memory.
            test 1: Repeat the steps for test 1 of part A. Then, press the "C" button. Then, press the "1" button. Then, press the "MS" button. Expected result: 5 and 1 in the stack with 5 second and 1 first.

    memoryClear():
        A. When there is no number stored in the memory.
            test 1: Click the "MC" button. Expected result: No change.
        B. When there is one number stored in the memory.
            test 1: Click the "5" button. Click the "MS" button. Press the "MC" button. Expected result: 5 disappears from the memory.

    Clear Functions:
    DEL():
        A. When there is no number in the current expression.
            test 1: Click the "DEL" button. Expected result: No change.
        B. When there is one number in the current expression.
            test 1. Click the "1" button. Click the "DEL" button. Expected result: 1 appears on the calculator and then is deleted.
        C. When there are two numbers in the current expression.
            test 1. Click the "1" button. Click the "2" button. Click the "DEL" button. Expected result: 1 appears on the calculator, 2 follows it. 2 is deleted, leaving 1 remaining.
        D. When there is a number and operator in the current expression.
            test 1. Click the "1" button. Click the "+" button. Click the "DEL" button. Expected result: 1 appears on the calculator, + follows it. + is deleted, leaving 1 remaining.

    C():
        A. When there is no number in the current expression.
            test 1: Click the "C" button. Expected result: No change.
        B. When there is one number in the current expression.
            test 1. Click the "1" button. Click the "C" button. Expected result: 1 appears on the calculator and then is deleted.
        C. When there is one number in the current expression and one in the prevExpression.
            test 1. Click the "1" button. Click the "=" button. Click the "1" button. Click the "C" button. Expected result: both numbers are deleted.

    CE():
        A. When there is no number in the current expression.
            test 1: Click the "C" button. Expected result: No change.
        B. When there is one number in the current expression.
            test 1. Click the "1" button. Click the "C" button. Expected result: 1 appears on the calculator and then is deleted.
        C. When there is one number in the current expression and one in the prevExpression.
            test 1. Click the "1" button. Click the "=" button. Click the "1" button. Click the "C" button. Expected result: The 1 in the current expression is deleted, the 1 in the prevExpression remains.
Keyboard Input:
    First, write console.log in the function to detect whether the key is pressed. Then implement the key to see if the respected result is obtained.
